# codewars-solutions
# codewars-solutions
I want to put all my codewars solutions in one place to make it less confusing and more organized

# Rot13

ROT13 is a simple letter substitution cipher that replaces a letter with the letter 13 letters after it in the alphabet. ROT13 is an example of the Caesar cipher.

Create a function that takes a string and returns the string ciphered with Rot13. If there are numbers or special characters included in the string, they should be returned as they are. Only letters from the latin/english alphabet should be shifted, like in the original Rot13 "implementation".

# Is Age Diverse
You will be given an array of objects (associative arrays in PHP) representing data about developers who have signed up to attend the next coding meetup that you are organising.

Your task is to return:

true if developers from all of the following age groups have signed up: teens, twenties, thirties, forties, fifties, sixties, seventies, eighties, nineties, centenarian (at least 100 years young).
false otherwise.

# hotter than the sun
 
Your job is simple, if (x) squared is more than 1000, return 'It's hotter than the sun!!', else, return 'Help yourself to a honeycomb Yorkie for the glovebox.'.

X will be a valid integer number.
X will be either a number or a string. Both are valid.

This is a 8 kyu. Honestly too easy. I should at least do 7kyu even if I'm tired.

# Harvest Fest

You have cultivated a plant, and after months of hard work, the time has come to reap the flowers of your hard work. When it was growing, you added water and fertilizer, and kept a constant temperature. It's time check how much your plant has grown.

A plant is represented horizontally, from the base to the left, to the end to the right:

---@---@---@
The stem is represented by hyphens -, and the flowers are represented by symbols. A plant always starts with the stem, and always ends with flowers.

Four parameters will be given. The four parameters are:

seed (string) - determines the type of flowers generated by the plant.
water (integer) - each unit of water extends the portion of stem between the flowers. It also gives how many times the stems + flower clusters should be repeated
fert (integer) - each unit of fertilizer increases the amount of flowers, grouped in clusters
temp (integer) - if the temperature given is in the range of 20째C and 30째C, the plant grows normally, otherwise, all the flowers die except for one flower at the end of the stem.
Given the above parameters, your task is to return a string representing the plant.

Examples
plant("@", 3, 3, 25) => "---@@@---@@@---@@@"

### Water gives the length of the stem portions between flowers
### Water also gives the total number of segments(number of times flowers + stems should be repeated)
### Fertilizer gives the length of the flower clusters.
### Temperature is in the range of 20째C and 30째C

plant("$", 4, 2, 30) => "----$$----$$----$$----$$"

plant("&", 1, 5, 20) => "-&&&&&"

plant("^", 3, 3, 35) => "---------^"
### The temperature is not in the correct range, so all flowers die, except the last one at the end.
### The stem is not affected by the temperature
Notes
Edge conditions will not be tested, meaning parameters of water or fertilizer or temperature being zero. This will not be tested. The parameters will always be valid (no zero).
The temperature bounds are inclusive (20 and 30 will be included as 21, 22, 23, 24...)
Happy Coding!

# Arrays

## Even times last

In an array, sums of values with even indexes multiplied by the last number in the array.

## Which are in?

Given two arrays of strings a1 and a2 return a sorted array r in lexicographical order of the strings of a1 which are substrings of strings of a2.

#Example 1: a1 = ["arp", "live", "strong"]

a2 = ["lively", "alive", "harp", "sharp", "armstrong"]

returns ["arp", "live", "strong"]

#Example 2: a1 = ["tarp", "mice", "bull"]

a2 = ["lively", "alive", "harp", "sharp", "armstrong"]

returns []

Notes:
Arrays are written in "general" notation. See "Your Test Cases" for examples in your language.

In Shell bash a1 and a2 are strings. The return is a string where words are separated by commas.

Beware: r must be without duplicates.
Don't mutate the inputs.
